List features of Kueue in README and website/overview (#1286)
kubernetes-sigs/kueue: README.md

- Kueue [concepts](https://kueue.sigs.k8s.io/docs/concepts).
- Common and advanced [tasks](https://kueue.sigs.k8s.io/docs/tasks).

> ## Feature

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Features overview
```

> - Resource fair sharing: you can define unused resources that can be borrowed by other tenants.
> - Resource flavors and fungibility: you can define multiple flavors or variants of a resource. Jobs will be assigned to flavors that are still available.
> - Job management with queueing strategies: `StrictFIFO` and `BestEffortFIFO`.
> - [Preemption](https://kueue.sigs.k8s.io/docs/concepts/cluster_queue/#preemption) within ClusterQueue or cohort, based on [Pod PriorityClass](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/pod-priority-preemption/#priorityclass), [Workload PriorityClass](https://kueue.sigs.k8s.io/docs/concepts/workload_priority_class/) and [resource flavor order](https://kueue.sigs.k8s.io/docs/concepts/cluster_queue/#flavorfungibility).
> - Support for the `BatchJob`, `JobSet`, `KubeFlow`, `RayJob`, `Pod(WIP)`.
> - The Workload API abstraction allows you to integrate a third-party job API with Kueue.
> - [Prometheus metrics](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kueue/blob/v0.2.1/docs/reference/metrics.md) to monitor health of the system and the status of ClusterQueues.
> - Documentation website https://kueue.sigs.k8s.io/docs/.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Job management:**  support job queueing based on priorities with different strategies: `StrictFIFO` and `BestEffortFIFO`
- **Resource management:** support resource fair sharing and preemption with a variety of policies between different tenants
- **Dynamic resource reclaim:** a mechanism help to improve resource utilization
- **Resource fungibility:** resource flavor abstraction in heterogeneous clusters
- **Integrations:** a plenty of popular jobs native support, e.g. `BatctJob`, `Kubeflow Jobs`, `RayJob`, `jobSet`,  plain `Pod`
- **System insight:** build-in prometheus metrics to help monitor the state of the system, as well as Conditions
- **AdmissionChecks:** a mechanism for internal or external components to influence whether a workload can be admitted
- **Advanced autoscaling support:** Integration with cluster-autoscaler's provisioningRequest via admissionChecks
- **Sequential admission:** a simple implementation of all-or-nothing scheduling
- **Partial admission:** support *min_available_pods* semantic scheduling
```
